In this video, I want to talk about
testing code more thoroughly.
Now when you come across terms like that,
the Google search engine, or any search
engine, is indispensable. So I'm going to
type in edge case.
You can see the first result there, is a
Wikipedia article, so I'm going to click
into that. So an edge case is a problem
or situation, that occurs only at an
extreme maximum or minimum operating
parameter. They give the example there, of
a loudspeaker that works fine until you
crank the volume up to maximum. Now in
the software engineering section, down
here, the example is dividing two numbers.
If your code does that, then you should
test it with very large values, as well
as very small values.
There's also corner cases, and back at
this Wikipedia article now, if I click
into corner case there
Let's work on that in the next video.